hello
This is Danang Morning
It's okay to do it when it comes out, and
the tree is so pretty, so it feels good
I have to move my accommodation today
I'll just hit Banh Mi quickly
This is now the Gozar Cafe
It's popular with long-term travelers and
locals because
it's delicious, so I'll go, wait, banh
mi.
This is because it is so emotional that
it is an outer seat
It's hot outside...
The air conditioner is a bit generous
(passed)
Coconut coffee is also famous, but please
don't have sweet coffee.
Fried Egg& Beef(3300)
High
Iced cappuccino (2600) Please cappuccino
iced OK
Alas, don't go
Diss= Fried Egg& Beef (3300) Please
Finally
A kind and cute girl leaves shyly
Did it come out a lot? I ordered one of
these,
but I wanted to try something like this
Uh, warm
I can see this feeling other than a
sandwich, so Chulai
banh mi (rice baguette) is really... It's
delicious
Crispy
Familiar taste of steak sauce
Eat this egg on top rather than meat
It was delicious, it was delicious
Lulu Lala
Basasak
~I'm moving~
... I still haven't seen Hakamikevich
Is it there...??
You came out to greet me
It's cool
I'll check your passport.
Oh okay
Dumneyoung...
Herongherong your room is ready (before
check-in)
Five!!
It's a very...
I was just thirsty, but they gave me a
drink.
Words
Oh, right in front of ha ha
As soon as I arrived, the room was very
nice because I checked in
early, and this place definitely feels
more like an apartment (good)
There is also a pot
There are really many tables.
There is an outlet, slippers, and a place
to hang clothes, and there is a pool and
gym here.
Because it's an ocean view like this
The sea is close
The view is better than I thought
Actually, it's not right in front of me.
It was called an ocean view room, but I
didn't think it would look so big
It's closer than I thought
It looks very good, the sea is so
beautiful today because the weather is
nice
Urban and
By the way, there are all the tableware
come
There is also a bathtub
sensation
Dryer? Dryer? Actually?
It was very cheap, but it's only about
half price.
Completely satisfied with both
Nearby Kong Cafe
I'm also a polite person, so when I come
to Vietnam, I have to go to the Kong café
again.
It's not polite, it's not polite.
By the way, this point...?
The atmosphere is very different from the
Korean restaurant I went to before.
Well, only high-end districts
Please have a large coconut smoothie
(3600)
yes
Oh finally,
I think this branch is definitely good
Kong Cafe seems to have a little more
delicious coffee.
The coconut tastes good too
Ice particles chew
Caffeine and sugar are well collected.
Now, let's finally go to Han Market.
It seems like a very good seat, but I
couldn't sit in the yard seat because
it's
summer. This time, there is an app called
In-Drive, so I'm going to ride it. Locals
say they use it a lot, but it's cheaper,
and you can negotiate the price (easy) I
think there are a lot of drivers who use
both apps, but Grab is more trustworthy.
Dragon bridge!
I can't see it any closer than this. If
you cross the Han River like this
You will arrive at Han Market right away
The driver walks exquisitely slowly
Arrive at the near-visible destination,
the currency exchange office
Dingku
Exchange office in front of Han Market,
arrival at Soanha
By the way, it used to be a gold and
silver room...
It seems to have become a currency
exchange office specializing in
Koreans, but they still check it in
Korean 100,000 won= 1.88 million
dong, and the same exchange rate as Kim
Mai Kim that I went to the last
episode must have had money. No,
departing for Han Market
The first floor has a lot of jelly and
groceries, and most of them go to the
second floor. The first floor
has a lot of jelly and groceries, and
most of them go to the second floor. The
second floor is a fashion corner (shoes,
bags, clothing, ao dai, etc.)
There are a little bit of similar items
crowded
There are places that sew them right
away, like
Dongdaemun The store I came to last time
is near No.
143, and this area is almost a scouting
system.
Nowadays, I notice that I buy a lot of
street T-shirts 😉
Now it's time to move to today's
destination Trash Pa area...
I came with a prickly peel
If we continue like this, we will not be
able to avoid the risk of being like a
pig's foot
1. Eco Zego (15000)
2. Basic (7800)
Well, it's a bit disappointing, but 3.
This is also an eco-friendly (15000)
No...
omission
and
I found it.
Bokdeokbang Core... Go Core...
Oh, but I don't have a women's size, I'm
waiting for you, I'm just going to
wear it bigger, I bought it in the
smallest size (probably 250), and I'm
looking for a very busy employee girl.
This is 250,000 VND
Because I'm pretty disoriented
If possible, pay the money according to
the
It is recommended to take a picture of
the calculation like this, and since this
is
literally the market, 1. Check the amount
of cash you have before entering (take a
photo) 2. When I checked to see if the
price was correct, I said 'please'
because it was
100,000 dong, but it was 130,000 dong at
checkout! Did I misunderstand? It turned
out
to be... I was confused even though I
knew this, and finally 3. When you
receive change, check the amount and unit
carefully~!
Now, if you come to the back of the first
floor, there is a food
court, famous restaurants, bean cafes,
and utik (cafes).
I should go to Utique and eat a mango
But I heard that juice and things like
this are fine,
but now I really need an air conditioner
The Han River that you can see as soon as
you come out
I was on my way to eat Ayu Mango
Smoothie...
There's a mill...
He's pretty too, hello sinchao~ Hi~ How
much is it?
This is 130,000 dong (6,700) 130,000 dong
- What is this?
Is this expensive, 250,000 dong (13,000)
expensive? ha ha big! (Because it's big)
ha ha ha ha you're cute
I think you're kind and pretty
I wanted to buy a hat, but it didn't fit
me and it was an issue...!
Shin Chao~ Howmani People?
One Pulson
When you go to Han Market
Coconut... Mango... I can't help but
choose Utique with good location, taste,
and temperature (air conditioning) There
is also an air-conditioned room
Here.. It's an old sewing table
One Mango Smoothie (3300) Pleasure
A fine smoothie with fresh mango on top
It's the Pink Cathedral!
Oh... Bells
It's a spherical and not a big church, so
I didn't intend to come to see it
separately.
It's good that it's a good day today
Right next to the church, arrive at the
buncha restaurant
Buncha..! I think you can eat
buncha One buncha (2600) please.
Endorsement
You this is very hot
Very hot!
This is spicy~!
Let's eat together?
Dip that and dip this
I get it?
Nebkikiki
Pepper This is spicy~!
Five! DingQ
Kind...! The impression is also good
All kinds of vegetables, fried spring
rolls, and buncha are very hot.
You did it right now?
Each type contains meat (like pork ribs)
Yes? Delicious!
It's sweet and sour, but it's delicious!
It's really delicious among the things
I've ever eaten.
+ Rice noodles+ vegetables
+Lettuce
+Rice noodles um? This is delicious!
Freshly fried spring rolls (steamed)
Spicy sriracha+ mayo
At that time
Tee! (Drink it) ha ha ha ha The boss gave
me iced tea coolly and left, ha ha
You gave me this and leftha ha
This is really delicious
I wrapped the crispy beef rolls and
rolled up a bowl of
buncha spicy, oh, it's delicious here...
Jasmine tea? It's the same, but it's just
right...!
It's across the street from the last time
I went to the reorganization that I
couldn't do during the corona period.
Da Nang, in the midst of development
A palm spa located right in front of the
Pink Cathedral
I'm going to do a foot massage
Everywhere you give me those slippers
I'm full... Cool estuaries...
Smells good...!
Welcome tea and coconut sweets that are
always given
The area around Han Market is especially
developed Korean...!
Pleased for an hour (10500) with Foot Hot
Stone~
After a massage
Warm up with a hot stone
And the highlight of this house that
appeared
He gave me a mango
Mango is delicious?
[Mango Restaurant]
Oa
Sunset and the Pink Cathedral knight
appear
Unusual sunset drive
Cross the dragon bridge again and go to
Mikevich
Arrival!
It's strange, what is this?
Is it a traditional performance?
I suddenly thought it would be nice to
see the sea, so I just came right away
I need to have a beer
I think it would be nice to sit here
(It's actually brighter haha)
Nice relaxing sea atmosphere
The last time I drank beer here, it was
delicious, right?
San Miguel raw wheat (2800) please~!
Is it big?
Yes!
real
It's so cool!
It's not true dew, it's a good day...!
Arrive at the accommodation!
I'm going to come into the dormitory now,
put the washing machine back, and go
swimming.
Wow~ The pool is nice here too~
Charming Building Forest
Duda Dada
Dada-Dada-da
Quick breakfast slurping
Oh, there are more breakfast restaurants
than I expected.
Vegetables and Vietnamese leaf rice fried
rice and curry
Potatoes and bacon
Five?????
Oh, there's kimchi...! Is it pickled?
Instant Dishes
You have to eat omelets and pho
I think most hotels serve a variety of
pho in addition to the beef pho we know
Idea
Emergency... Americano... Emergency...
I'm going to go
Ahem
Yes? I found a house where this was
steamed!!
Reviews Very good banmi house (5 ratings)
It's time to do it-
Oh, it's steamy here too
It's a nail salon
I made a reservation and went...!
Korean??
(Translator setting) Yes- about!
Where is Korean~~~
Book 1 hour later and break up
(Cute girl)
I made a good reservation and there is a
café right in the alley in front of me...
(Where..?)
Isn't it a residential area...?
Why can't I see it? Is this it?
<- ....
How far are you going...
... I almost couldn't find it, yes... I
still can't
see the café nose, but there is a sign,
so I'll go up
haha Coming out to greet
Oh, that's Pashinabuda~ It seems like
you're mainly doing
drip coffee, so I ordered an iced drip
(3500) I'm very thirsty...?
Five... He will introduce you to each
coffee bean
Ah Ethiopian guna yesyes
Work and ears...
This is a slightly familiar aroma, a
selection of coffee beans recommended by
a few flavors.
So careful...
He explained it and went to prepare
something for me.
He changed the beans to smell the
incense... gosh
! This time, he pecked me down again to
taste it.
Iced coffee finally came out
I think it's so much fun to be served
like this
Hmm~ I think I'll buy it
I almost died...
It's a little soft for me, but I think
I'll buy it big~
Taltal
He brought me a cup of this too.
Something like orange coffee
I think it's a coffee cocktail mixed with
lemon and coffee
Taste of the summer country
After drinking well, it was time to make
an appointment, so I hurried to the nail
salon
The store was amazing
Super compact
It's unique~!
Ah, Vietnamese Dong~! Endorsement!
120,000 dong= about ₩6200 It's cheap
because it's not a shop where tourists
usually come!
(You're doing it very carefully) You did
it for the
whole hour, so I think you can understand
why the rating is good.
Buncha Soiwon?
I'm very hungry....
The store is cleaner and more modern than
I expected,
and fortunately there is also a toilet.
This thing?
Buncha! yes!
This thing? Is it big??
yes
Lemon Iced Tea (650) is also appreciated
The kitchen is really clean
Wow~ It's so big
Is this bigger than Mega Coffee?
The taste of green tea and citrus juice?
It's very sweet
Buncha Specials (2300)
Oh, it's coming out
Is this 2,500 won? (No)
I also had a lot of meat
Hmm~ The meat is delicious
There are really a lot of noodles
it's delicious
But this is a dorn
Hey man! Hot!
Oh, this is really delicious, the blood
is thin and really crispy...
Let's pack up the wrap Let's pack the
wrap
Buncha is like eating pork ribs and hot
cold noodles.
Addictive
I ate it so deliciously (spring roll...)
Are you waiting for a
motorcycle...? (Today, Da Nang is 35
degrees) If it was a cool day,
I could have walked around the
neighborhood, but I have 500 won~
Arrive at the nice tea room
A style that is hard to find in Da Nang
Tea room with a calm atmosphere
hi
Sit at the bar here or
There's a seat
across the street
Oh, then I'll sit here
- You can place your order here
The Vietnamese people explained something
carefully
Iced Latte (3200)
Nosuga?
Yes Nosugar Pleases
I wanted to see the menu being made, so I
went to the bar
Oh, the matcha crab... Interresting This
has been a lot of fun lately...
Cute
The space is cool and the atmosphere is
calm.
Well drunk
I rested for an hour at the inn, oh, I
need to leave quickly
Now that the sun is setting, let's go
swimming in the sea
After all, I had to come when the sun
came up, so I followed
the uncles across the river, but I got
stuck!
Oh, you should take me with you too.
The sun has set, so it's just right now,
it's not emerald, but the atmosphere
is comfortable, it's very long, it's very
long, and there are security guards
on the Mikevich basket boat here and
there. I brought a waterproof bag this
time, and you can just hit it all up, tie
it up, and swim.
however
I also left it like this.
I'm going to bring my phone and money in
a waterproof pack and
go in. The waves are made of Caribbean
Bay Mikebchi, and if you
float around without much trouble, you
will come straight to
the swimming pool of the inn wearing a
honey jam swimsuit.
Oh nice at sunset
It's totally good, it's Netflix
I have to watch that Lee Sook cam
(serious) Oh, I'm here in Vietnam,
so I guess I don't have a Lee Sook cam...
The only reason to
subscribe to Netflix uh, there's a
machine...
I don't even have a sook cam... Noh
meaning, come out to eat
Because Van Xeo wants to eat so much...!
I'm going to drink with Ban Xeo...!
1 Ban Xeo (4000)
Endorsement
Please also give me a bottle of beer~
What kind of beer?
What is better?
Sound... Hudavier?
Okay Fuda (1300) and this is pretty
I guess it's beer here
It's so carbonated
It's so hot, Van Xeo...!
Five.. Rice paper folded out...!
Weird
Shrimp batter with a little bit of meat
and bean sprouts
Is it a bit big to eat at once?
Oh.. It's so delicious
Who thought of this
The whole thing is so delicious
Ah, Hudavier...!
This before? The tempura is so delicious
Splash the dried shrimp batter like
frying it...?
Think about adding meat and vegetables
and eating them again
Who is it~
It's so delicious, even if that beer is
burned on ice, it's carbonated, it's too
summery, it's
too summery, it's too summery, because
there's a banh mi restaurant I saw
earlier in front of me.
I have to be half-maek, half-maek
Forks are popular
Is this so? Is this it?
Do you want to sell beer with this?
Oh Hudabi
Banh mi meat?? Brad???
퍼
Cannon..??
Endorsement
And~ Huda Beer?
Yes?
Empty?
It's a beer!
Beer Fudaya~
ha ha Where did you come from?
South Korea!
Ah, Korea is no coriander?
ha ha ha
The rating here is 5.0
The boss is so kind and pleasant!
Hot!
In this way, 1,000 won, a total of 1,700
won
wow
Let's try it, hey, it's full of meat and
cucumbers, right?
The bread is really crispy!
I don't think I'll cut the palate at all,
it's just a
simple and classic taste, is this the
real half-rice flavor...?
... I love it so much, and sitting on the
street like this and
drinking beer is emotional... Something
like that
It's fun
Right now, if you go to the Seoncha Night
Market (Da Nang's representative
night market) and eat a Hai Khoi
delivery, it's a fantastic course, but I
want to wash it up so much that I'm going
to go in today.
See you next time on your trip to Hoi An